Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone.
Today is Thursday, February the 19th,
and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report. charts by Trendpider,
gamma flows by Menther Q, and
um yeah, let's get after it. So, I've
got a daily formation showing you that
we are still in a range. Notice day
before yesterday, we bounced off of the
floor of this formation at 6,800.
Yesterday, we moved into 6925,
which was this line right here. And
today we are inside of yesterday. Inside
range inside value equals messy price
action. Okay, very messy price action.
My suspicion is that the line in the
sand today for above below is going to
be around 6860.
And we did just test that. This is
yesterday's
30 minute opening formation.
Let's put a box around this GlobeEx
event.
Side note, seasonality
says that only 33% of the time February
is positive. And so let's take a look at
where we are
relative to that. And let's go to the
monthly candlestick. It is down, but
notice it could be down
if we run another 90 points to the
upside from here. So, keep that in your
mind as you stare things around. Our
68.85
area literally sends us back into the
box. It's a great breakdown zone for the
overnight. Truly, it came in, lost the
level, bounced, tested the edge of the
30 minute, and now we rotate down. So,
I'm going after simplicity sake here.
What I've been working on are some very
dense portfolios, and I just am not sure
the juice is worth the squeeze. It's
just so data intensive that
I I just it's brought me back to the
space that simplicity matters. And so
what do we have? We have a 30inut
formation that says, listen, 6866
is trying to form itself out as a floor.
That's what we're going to stare down.
That's going to be our go no-go in terms
of further buying without waiting to
fall into that 6850 area.
Inventory in the overnight was long. It
corrected at London open and now
inventory is short to mixed. Right? So
people unwound here and then bought back
at that 6866 losing 68.66 we go to 6850
bottom of the value area where we're
seeing a lot of demand. There's a big
demand zone here and that number is
6830.
Do I expect us to head further to the
south? I don't because I believe we're
in a bigger box. Flows remain the same.
We have value area high 6920.
Prior day high 6924.
Watch for the price action to do
something there. Momentum is underneath
the zero line and we have a limited
range
of upside pressure. And so this tells me
very sideways sideways to down in the
drift and that's what I would suspect.
If we get above 6885
then we recover to 6915
and that's what we're staring down.
Let's go to the NQ.
All right. Uh,
interesting.
0% of all Feb changes were positive. Oh,
that's for one year. Okay, that's
bananas. Let's change that.
Um,
since
Oh, it won't give me anymore. Well, that
stinks. All right.
granularity.
Huh.
That's so weird that it won't give me
more data than that.
Huh.
Scan sense.
All right. Well, we don't really have
much telling us what's going on, but
isn't this interesting?
I'm going to figure out what's going on
with that. Never mind. All right. Let's
take a look at the ENQ. See what's going
on. A little bit weaker. We can see
trend
definitely lower highs also higher lows.
Important very important to take a look
at this formation.
As we get to the 30inut chart we can see
that we are trying to hold a bottom. We
did break through this edge and came a
little bit deeper. So, let me remove the
alert and
the rate
and
the line instead.
Let's
let's use this one.
That's the volume by price.
So,
what we have is a sideways pressure
event.
That's giving us a floor very close to
this
um volume by price. Big bounce. We just
got there. This is a big bounce coming
into this area. We battled around this
zone all day yesterday that 24,880.
We actually talked about it in um our
classroom session in TOPS. We were right
here at around 24,890.
That's where we were looking at the
breakdown event and the breakdown event
was very substantial. Now it's coming
back and trying to hold the zone. A lot
of demand just above it. So there were a
lot of buyers that engaged here and
tried to hold the ledge at 24,920
but could not. So what do we stare down?
Here's our 30-minut high. I want to see
an alert that recaptures that edge. same
formation as the ENQ, excuse me, as the
ES. And so that's really that's our go
no-go line in my mind.
More buyers are going to show up there
if that happens. All right. If we lose
24,811,
we step down into the opening range of
days prior.
So we will stare that down.
And oh shucks, I forgot to look at the
max pay. Sorry. I'll I'll do that later.
I'm a little bit fuddled this morning.
All right, so here we are. If we can
hold 24,900,
there are things that could push us
further to the south. Okay, so let me
remove this alert. Let's put 25,000
there again.
See if we can recalibrate it.
And what do we see? Buyers coming up
from underneath trying to recapture this
space. So far, it looks like a
megaphone. Those are pretty ugly, folks.
Megaphone's pretty ugly. We had one
yesterday
from the early price of the morning and
we might have one today. Traders are
still using the higher regions as exit
liquidity.
Uh momentum is negative.
So bounces sell zones
dips by zones caught significantly in a
range very wide
value area high value area low. It's 400
points wide. 24,600 to 25,000. And
that's what we've got there. And we're
sitting slam in the middle. So pretty
messy. Also an inside day just like the
ES. All right, let's take a look at
Micro Bitcoin
trend still lower. Let's get rid of
these guys.
Oops.
Get all the segments out of there. Let's
go to the daily fight club. Still going
on. still in the octagon over here
trying to hold one, two, three, four,
five, six days sitting at or above this
66,000.
Um, but the loss of it
could be significant. What are we
looking at? Higher lows, lower highs.
So, they are trying to converge. Notice
you can see that where value the point
of control and the VWAP are sitting.
very obvious that they're chopping
around that zone. Okay, we lost this
ledge.
Going to remove that alert and remove
the ray. We still have the line at
66,800,
but now it's very messy. So, we don't
see clear decisions. And that's
something very important when you're
drawing lines. You want to make sure you
can see clear decisions by the buyers or
sellers. Here, our clear decision line,
relatively speaking, is the 67,300
zone. We get up above there, we have all
this supply to contend with, folks. If
these traders
can break out above this 68,000,
we could have a squeeze into potentially
69,000.
Right. What is momentum down but in
positive territory? What is trend down?
So what do you do when this is in
positive territory? You have to wait for
it to slip to negative territory and
stay under the VWAP. What are we doing?
It slipped to negative territory
potentially right here. It's got to stay
under the VWAP or it's not going to be a
good short unless you're up near the
edge and that's at 6734.
Notice the traders are trying to lift
price. They're just not doing it very
effectively.
See the zone flag pattern and then down
again. So my suspicion is that it is
quite close to natural bounce zones and
the bottom of that 30inut candlestick
formation right around 66,000
is going to give us a little bit of a
floor if the traders are trying to make
a move to the north. It's very messy. A
lot of sellers dropped off here at this
68 66,800 where our old line was, but
it's gotten very very choppy. And so you
want to watch for that. It's an
important line, but they are breaking it
and then failing below it. So it's
giving you a little bit of tough angle
event. We are sitting outside the value
area low just by a bit though. 66,800
value area low. Value area high 68,400.
Let's look at oil.
So here's the thing about oil. um when
it's trending, don't try
to top it. It really is not a good idea.
And remember, we have geopolitical risk
here.
We are really not a wash in oil the way
people think that we are. We simply are
not. Um
we simply are not. Let's go to the daily
chart. Whoa. Seasonality for CL1 43. I
know why that and Q did not do that.
Okay, so here's the seasonality.
Uh positive through April and then uh a
50/50 in May and June and July. It's got
the biggest probability of being upside.
So what are we doing? We're breaking
into key resistance. We got a new
resistance line.
That resistance line is around 66.
70 is the call wall.
57 is the put wall. And take a look at
this. See this big inventory box?
Look out because if it breaks out of
there,
it's going to have itself a pretty big
run.
So, let's clone this. Well, we don't
have to clone it. It's $5 wide. That
puts us over
70. Could happen. Easily could happen.
Do we have a mixture of trend and
momentum? Yes, we do. What does that
mean? Pullbacks or buy zones. If trend
is up and momentum is down, pull back or
buy zones. So, here's the last pullback.
It was a buy yesterday from the bottom
of the range to the top of the range at
66 or so, right? I'm going to move 65
out of the way.
Nah, you know what? 65 looks pretty
good.
So, here is our 30 minute opening range.
We spent a lot of time there, so it's
going to matter. Is this a topping
formation?
Potentially.
potentially a topping formation. But
what does trend tell us? Trend says it
might be topping formation, but I'm
coming back to support. So what would
support be most likely? Top of the
30-minute formation. It took us, look at
how many hours it sat here from 6:00
p.m. to 2:30 a.m. before the break. So
that is collecting inventory in higher
spaces and then just ripping the heads
off of everybody that decided to go
short because they're thinking,
you know, a lot of people have a bearish
mindset about
um oil and they were right to for many
years. Not anymore. We're moving through
a different kind of cycle event.
All right. So, dips or buys $6560
potentially and then $65.
Get out of the way if it starts looking
directional. Where is the go nogo line?
It's at this $65.
So, we could easily come all the way
into 65 and start running again. If we
lose 65, well, now we've got a chance to
head back into inventory. But notice how
far away inventory is.
If we were looking at JJ's work and we
built that inventory event, here is the
top edge. So that's 2x.
It could easily come all the way back
down here. Easily.
So for sure, for sure. Big inventory
box. very big inventory box from 62 to
6370 or so. Okay, let's take a look at
uh gold.
Wow. Let's take a look at a daily on
that one. Okay, lower highs.
Gold looks like it's trying to come in
higher lows.
Hm. Where to draw this line? We have
this one that collects these three guys
and then
this one that collects those two guys.
So what is the storyboard? Seems to me
like 4867
or so is the buy zone. What? Look at the
momentum. It's very negative on the
daily crossurren here but very negative
momentum. So, let's go back to the
30inut chart. We're seeing a topping
formation
declining momentum
and
drift that is
holding price action below the gamma
line of 5,020. So, that's probably our
go no-go line today.
5,000 518 520 we can't break that then
we move to the south again and so I'm
going to remove the alert and
[sighs]
yeah we'll we'll leave it back there it
needs to be a little bit wider
for a breakthrough because the floor
does look like
49 9
97. That's what it looks like. And we've
got an anchored VWAP at 4977
and then 4966.
This is clearly
some kind of range that they're trying
to build. The question is
where do you take this trade? And this
is hard because if you have a higher
high
but with drifting momentum but then you
have a higher low
with also drifting momentum it could
give you one more leg to the top before
you actually stay under the VWAP because
remember that's where the trigger gets
solid to move into the next support
zones. You're under the VWAP and you
have negative pressure. If that happens,
you can sell the top, buy the bottom in
trend,
but don't ignore that bottom because the
overall trend is up. So, that is a
sticky bit, friends. That is a very
sticky bit. Let me edit this alert.
Let me do that. All right. Okay. Let's
go to spy.
Only down month for gold is June. You
take a look at spy.
So, here we are in Feb. It's a coin toss
for um
everything. Notice the max pain 683.
We came right into it
three times yesterday before the open,
after the open, at the close, and then
in the pre-market at 5:30. So,
there's some kind of pinning going on in
here before
expiration.
Chances are if the max pain is sitting
at 84 684, we're probably going to leak
into that zone fairly easily. Okay. So,
what are we looking for here? We see
lower highs.
Uh, are we seeing higher lows? If we go
back in time, yes, if we go back in
time, for sure,
but not specifically. Good golly, how
long have I been talking? Too long.
Okay.
Edges inside the value area. Value area
all the way down at 680. Put wall 674.
Call
at 700. Still a very wide range. What
have the traders been doing?
Been buying the dip. Here we are above
the VWAP.
Momentum is negative. Trend is negative.
Above the VWAP, long into the next area
of resistance. Okay. So, max pain still
at around 684. It may shift intraday,
but that's what it looks like. And we'll
see how it goes. All right, everybody.
Take care. I'll see you soon.